hey everybody this is ryan and this is a
quick video on my thoughts so far on 1.2
of course I'm further along in the game
than the video show for for reference I
just got down into hell and so that's
probably four or five videos away once
you kind of you know you guys know that
once you start getting better armor and
weapons the game really picks up and
that's where I'm at right now the game
has really picked up and so my thoughts
on the update it's basically a new game
it is insane how much stuff he added the
value you get for a ten-dollar game this
could easily be a twenty thirty dollar
game for how much you get out of it and
if you love the game as much as I do it
gets more into the priceless category
you can't you really can't put a number
on how much enjoyment I've gotten out of
this game and I'm not even the hard mode
yet I've read some comments I kind of
know what to expect with with new
enemies dropping stuff and drop in items
and and even if their vanity or whatever
so I have so much more to do you can
kind of look at it like hard modes the
halfway point but it's really not it's
problem probably like 35 40 percent of
the way through and I'm already blown
away and i love it so much and there's
just so many little things that i
absolutely love i love using the dies I
love the vine backgrounds having ropes
now how the torches look the torches
look incredible now I i had never cared
to use multicolored torches because it's
like I whatever they don't look that
cool they look so cool now the
waterfalls everything the the very few
complaints I have so far I think it's
still really annoying to get keys in the
dungeon especially if there's one item
you're trying to get out of a chest and
you keep getting repeat items and then
you got to go killed 25 30 monsters to
get a key and then go try another chest
hopefully you get that one item the the
new crafting window I absolutely love it
but there's two things I really wish you
could do one is sort if
you could like put all your pics next to
each other all your swords helmets
leggings blocks etc and if you could
just go ahead and crafts from that menu
instead of having to click on it and
then clicking on on the left side of the
screen that would be a huge bonus too
and that's kind of the only things that
really annoy me one of the things I wish
I added was a levelling system and not
just for your character but for your
weapons that would just it would add so
much it would give you a reason to go
kill that skeleton you know get to the
point where you're strong enough that
you just kind of ignore them unless
they're directly in your way well if
there was a leveling system you kind of
always had a reason to go kill that guy
you make yourself stronger make your
weapons stronger so maybe we'll see that
for Terraria too who knows and on one
really quick side note I want to say a
huge congratulations to chippy gaming
James if you're watching this I am so
happy for you have no idea it wasn't
very long ago that we were both sitting
at like 500 subs and when a big update
like this happens it seems like there's
one channel that just kind of benefits
all the rewards from it and it looks
like that was you so congratulations
that's really cool i'm really happy it
was you keep making good videos man you
do a great job anybody else if by some
crazy chance you haven't seen chippies
channel go check them out but I can't
imagine there's anyone watching my video
that hasn't seen his so go check him out
he does great stuff and that'll do it
once i get a little bit further along
maybe once i finish it i'll do another
thoughts video and I'll have some more
detailed stuff by then some more hard
mode stuff so thank you so much for
watching everybody and until next time
see you guys